README.md, before:

## Welcome to my profile! 🐟
Hello! I'm Gabe. I like coding, gaming, and music!

## 💻 Programming
### 🚀 _Current Tech Stack_
These are the tools I'm most comfortable using at the moment.

| Type | My Stack |
| :--- | :------- |
| Languages | ![Java][JAVA] ![C++][CPP] ![HTML][HTML] ![CSS][CSS] ![TypeScript][TS] |
| Frameworks | ![Angular][NG] ![BootStrap][BS] |
| Operating Systems | ![Ubuntu][UB] ![Windows][WIN] |

### 📚 _Past Experience_
In my journey as a developer, I've bounced around different tools.

| Year | Tools |
| :--- | :---- |
| 2019 | ![Unity][UNITY] |
| 2022 | ![Java Discord API][JDA] |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> I'm currently interested in learning how to develop front-end web applications and REST APIs.
> In the future, I'd like to learn more about game development!

## 🎵 Music
I used to compose music from middle school all the way to high school. If you'd like to check out my work, here are my public profiles:
- [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/koi_fish_no_yokan)
- [MuseScore](https://musescore.com/user/29746188)
- [Flat.io](https://flat.io/@koi_fish_no_yokan)

## 🎮 Gaming
- [🌟 Genshin Impact](https://akasha.cv/profile/644180410)
- [🚂 Honkai: Star Rail](https://enka.network/hsr/601380216/)
- [🔵 League of Legends](https://www.op.gg/summoners/na/Koi%20Fish-0424)  
... And more!

[JAVA]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?logo=openjdk&logoColor=white
[CPP]: https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white
[TS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=fff
[HTML]: https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-%23E34F26.svg?logo=html5&logoColor=white
[CSS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=fff
[NG]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-%23DD0031.svg?logo=angular&logoColor=white
[BS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=fff
[UB]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white
[WIN]: https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Windows-0078D6?logo=windows11&logoColor=white

[UNITY]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-%23000000.svg?logo=unity&logoColor=white
[JDA]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Java%20Discord%20API-%235865F2.svg?&logo=discord&logoColor=white

Commit message:

Added link to the original art from my profile picture

README.md, after:

## Welcome to my profile! 🐟
Hello! I'm Gabe. I like coding, gaming, and music!

## 💻 Programming
### 🚀 _Current Tech Stack_
These are the tools I'm most comfortable using at the moment.

| Type | My Stack |
| :--- | :------- |
| Languages | ![Java][JAVA] ![C++][CPP] ![HTML][HTML] ![CSS][CSS] ![TypeScript][TS] |
| Frameworks | ![Angular][NG] ![BootStrap][BS] |
| Operating Systems | ![Ubuntu][UB] ![Windows][WIN] |

### 📚 _Past Experience_
In my journey as a developer, I've bounced around different tools.

| Year | Tools |
| :--- | :---- |
| 2019 | ![Unity][UNITY] |
| 2022 | ![Java Discord API][JDA] |

> [!NOTE]
> I'm currently interested in learning how to develop front-end web applications and REST APIs.
> In the future, I'd like to learn more about game development!

## 🎵 Music
I used to compose music from middle school all the way to high school. If you'd like to check out my work, here are my public profiles:
- [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/koi_fish_no_yokan)
- [MuseScore](https://musescore.com/user/29746188)
- [Flat.io](https://flat.io/@koi_fish_no_yokan)

## 🎮 Gaming
- [🌟 Genshin Impact](https://akasha.cv/profile/644180410)
- [🚂 Honkai: Star Rail](https://enka.network/hsr/601380216/)
- [🔵 League of Legends](https://www.op.gg/summoners/na/Koi%20Fish-0424)  
... And more!

### 🐟 _Profile Picture_
In case you were wondering who is in my PFP, that's [Sangonomiya Kokomi](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Sangonomiya_Kokomi), my favorite character from Genshin Impact. 
You can find the original art [here](https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/99953666).

[JAVA]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?logo=openjdk&logoColor=white
[CPP]: https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white
[TS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=fff
[HTML]: https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-%23E34F26.svg?logo=html5&logoColor=white
[CSS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=fff
[NG]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-%23DD0031.svg?logo=angular&logoColor=white
[BS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=fff
[UB]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white
[WIN]: https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Windows-0078D6?logo=windows11&logoColor=white

[UNITY]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-%23000000.svg?logo=unity&logoColor=white
[JDA]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Java%20Discord%20API-%235865F2.svg?&logo=discord&logoColor=white
